name - Julie Bridges
Yoga Teacher

Los Angeles
3868683442

Passionate Yoga Teacher with over 4+ years of professional experience designing and leading flow and vinyasa yoga classes. Completed an Advanced 400-Hour Yoga Teacher Training in Indonesia and gained in-depth technical knowledge about breathing techniques, postures, and spiritual elements of Yoga. Excited to share my expertise and passion with clients at Mind&amp;Body Yoga Studio.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: 1515 Pacific Ave, Los Angeles, CA 90291
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: Full
  Hobbies: Skiing, Baseball, OCR

SOCIAL PROFILES
  * LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/
  * Pinterest: https://www.pinterest.es/resumeviking/
  * Resume Viking Templates: https://www.resumeviking.com/templates/word/
  * Build this template: https://resume.io/?id=cpdokyF1

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ English
  ★★★☆☆ German

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Rehabilitation techniques
  ★★★★★ Safety awareness
  ★★★★★ Knowledge of specific yoga styles
  ★★★★★ Performance monitoring
  ★★★★★ Facility maintenance

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * January 2017 – July 2021
    Flow and Vinyasa Yoga Instructor at VinYoga Studio, New York
      Designed yoga class flow sequences and integrated compound lesson plans, including vinyasa and routine formats for beginner and advanced students.

  Promoted holistic wellbeing through teaching and consultation.
  Demonstrated postures to students and helped them find the right pose.
  Assisted students in developing their body, situational and mind awareness, and physical strength and mobility.
  Mentored beginner trainees on their yoga path.
  Ensured safety and students' comfort during all classes.
  Lead and facilitate group meditation sessions and Bikram yoga projects.
  Nurtured positive relationships with students and promptly addressed any concerns.


  * January 2015 – December 2019
    Bikram Yoga Instructor Yoga  at  Body Studio, New York
      Shared the principles of Yoga and helped to eradicate any doubts regarding physical and spiritual aspects of the practice.

  Planned and taught several Vinyasa-based yoga classes.
  Provided a welcoming and safe training space by taking care of ambiance, lighting. Fragrance and room arrangement.
  Demonstrate to students how to safely get into poses and how to breathe correctly.
  Controlled student postures to help them avoid any injuries.
  Supported the studio's marketing operations.



EDUCATION
  * July 2021 – Present
    Louisiana State University-​Eunice, Port Louis Bachelor of Science in Exercise Sciences
  * January 2020 – July 2021
    Yoga Alliance- Registered) The Lotus Yoga, Bahula Yoga Teacher Training

    
  200-Hours


COURSES
  * July 2021 – July 2021
    Fitness Assessment, National Aquatic Safety Company, (NASCO), 

ACHIEVEMENTS
  * , , 

    
  Taught over 120+ classes with an average class size of 14.
  Received “best new teacher” award from Full Circle studios
  200-hour Yoga Alliance registered yoga teacher, certified in children's and prenatal yoga.
  Instructed clients on safe and effective exercise techniques while ensuring compliance with nutritional goals; achieved a 70% success rate reaching health goals such as weight loss.

