name - Layney Spencer
Assistant Director

Los Angeles
3868683442

Astute Assistant Director with over 14 years of experience dealing with complex macro issues that have threatened the company’s profitability and longevity by providing innovative solutions resulting in significant expenditure savings of up to 35%. Acted as the advisory to the board of directors and demonstrated expertise in persuading and negotiating shareholder representatives regarding the most appropriate mergers and acquisition strategies. Currently completed a Doctorate. in Strategic Management through Cambridge University

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: 1515 Pacific Ave, Los Angeles, CA 90291
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: Full
  Hobbies: Painting, Flying, Kite Surfing

SOCIAL PROFILES
  * LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/
  * Pinterest: https://www.pinterest.com/resumeviking/
  * Resume Templates: https://www.resumeviking.com/templates/
  * Build this template: https://resume.io/?id=cpdokyF1

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ English
  ★★★★☆ French
  ★★☆☆☆ German

SKILLS
  ★★★★★   Strategic Planning
  ★★★★★   New Business Development
  ★★★★★   Budgeting & Finance
  ★★★★★   Relationship Building
  ★★★★★   Reviewing Performance
  ★★★★★ Leadership and Management

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * January 2019 – May 2021
    Assistant Director at John Ward Emergency Facility, Arnsberg
      Supported the successful transition from T-System EMR to Meditech EMR. Supported changes during the flow processes to align best clinical practices with new EMR functions.

  Increased operations efficiency in the new Fast Track operations department. Increased FT volume from &lt;17% of total patient volume to &gt;38%.
  Supported patient satisfaction through frequent patient visits and coaching staff on the way to enhance patient satisfaction.
  Prepared the ED for Joint Commission surveys by developing staff JC awareness and staff-driven inspection processes.
  Ensured ED staff were prepared to react safely and efficiently to care for potential Ebola patients. Coordinated with multiple hospital resources to ensure CDC recommendations and processes were in place.


  * May 2021 – May 2021
    Assistant Director at Curos Schools, Brymbo
      Assisted in the organization, facilitation, and direction of many large successful swims meets with an attendance of over 220 participants at each event.

  Managed and performed administrative tasks, including bookkeeping using Excel and QuickBooks.
  Earned and maintained certifications in Red Cross CPR and First Aid.
  Provided swimming instruction and encouraged beginner swimmers.
  Coached accomplished swimmers on technique.
  Performed service projects that benefitted local organizations, including churches and high schools.



EDUCATION
  * May 2021 – Present
    University of Arizona, Arlington Master’s in Business Administration
  * January 2018 – December 2020
    Harvard University, Bossier City Bachelor of Financial Accounting

COURSES
  * May 2021 – May 2021
    Advanced Certificate in Corporate Governance, INSEAD Business School, Online.
  * January 2019 – December 2019
    The Board Director’s Program, Henley Business School, United Kingdom.

ACHIEVEMENTS
  * , , 

    
  Outlined new revenue opportunities that boosted revenue throughout the company. Increased total sales by 25% across 17 regional territories.
  Facilitated real-time communication of all sales goals and initiatives to all stakeholders. Increased ROI to 36%.
  Improved working capital by 27% in 12 months by facilitating cost advantages in resource allocation, allowing for expansion projects to be completed five months ahead of the project deadline.

