name - Julie Monroe
Nutrition Consultant

Los Angeles
3868683442

Talented Nutrition Consultant with three years of experience. Skilled in nutrition and food preparation and looking to deliver healthy, delicious meals at Woodacre Nursing Home. At 7-Star Senior Living, cheerfully cleaned kitchens and prepared three meals daily for 120+ residents. Received a promotion to head Nutrition Consultant within five months of hiring due to efficiency and interpersonal skills.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: 1515 Pacific Ave, Los Angeles, CA 90291
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: Full
  Hobbies: Soccer, Rugby, Tennis

SOCIAL PROFILES
  * LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/
  * Pinterest: https://www.pinterest.com/resumeviking/
  * Resume Templates: https://www.resumeviking.com/templates/
  * Build this template: https://resume.io/?id=cpdokyF1

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ English
  ★★★☆☆ French

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Food preparation
  ★★★★★ Kitchen maintenance
  ★★★★★ Kitchen equipment operation
  ★★★★★ Food sanitation
  ★★★★★ Nutrition

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * January 2021 – Present
    Nutritional Consultant (Part-Time)  at WIC, Port Washington
      Required to prescribe supplemental food packages tailored to clients' needs and nutrition status per USDA established WIC Program policy.

  Provided nutrition education counseling on morbid obesity, high cholesterol, and diabetes for uninsured patients at the health center.
  Performed nutrition assessments and WIC certifications.
  Provided nutrition education counseling and assessed nutritional status for participants of the WIC program.
  Certified and enrolled participants according to the WIC program and state regulatory guidelines.


  * January 2016 – November 2019
    Nutritional Consultant at DaVita, Delmas
      Registered Nutrition Consultant/Educator responsible for educating, counseling, and supporting patients to make long-term behavior and lifestyle changes.

  Worked with neurologists in the initiation and nitration of drugs related to anemia and secondary hyperparathyroidism.
  Participated in clinical CQI monitoring programs, including osteodystrophy management, kinetics, anemia, and nutrition management.
  Monitored laboratory indicators of bone mineral status and anemia in hemodialysis patients.
  Registered Dietitian/Nutrition Consultant Provided nutrition educational support to help patients improve their health.



EDUCATION
  * July 2020 – July 2021
    Golden Valley University, Golden Valley Master of Science in Dietary Education
  * January 2018 – December 2020
    Wisconsin State University, Madisonville Bachelor of Science in Food Sciences
  * January 2015 – October 2017
    St. Louis University, Louisville Associates Degree in Nutrition

COURSES
  * July 2021 – July 2021
    Certified Head Nutrition Consultant , Food Sciences Council

ACCOMPLISHMENTS
  * , , 

    
  Decreased TPN usage through nutrition support team by 72% for a $42,000 annual cost savings.
  Provided nutritional care to patients in a 650+ bed long-term and sub-acute care facility.
  Supervised and evaluated a staff of 27 food production employees and three dietary managers.
  Founded the “Provide Eat Smart NY” educational programs via mass media, including displays and promotion of Eat Smart NY electronic platforms reaching over 32 000 school children.

