name - Mindy Stevenson
Occupational Therapist

Los Angeles
3868683442

Empathetic and patient-centered occupational therapist with 5+ years of professional experience. Excited to join Kagen Health to assist its patients to recuperate from injury, recover skills, and avoid disability. Supervised 4 OT assistants and designed more than 200 tailored care plans for patients.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: 1515 Pacific Ave, Los Angeles, CA 90291
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: Full
  Hobbies: Debating, Violin, Poetry

SOCIAL PROFILES
  * LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/
  * Pinterest: https://www.pinterest.com/resumeviking/
  * Resume Templates: https://www.resumeviking.com/templates/
  * Build this template: https://resume.io/?id=cpdokyF1

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ English
  ★★★★☆ French
  ★★★☆☆ Spanish

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Individualized Planning
  ★★★★★ Neuromuscular Knowledge
  ★★★★★ Augmentative and Alternative Communication
  ★★★★★ Acute Rehabilitation
  ★★★★★ Stress and Pain Management

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * January 2019 – July 2021
    Occupational Therapist at Health Systems, Brooklyn Park
      Organized and applied individually designed OT treatment programs for maintaining, improving, or restoring function to all ADLs and IADLs.

  Managed ADL/ IADL activities, therapeutic exercises, as well as cognitive retraining, and motion treatment to better the patients’ quality of life.
  Supervised the patients’ physiological responses and vital signs to OT treatment sessions and collaborated with the multidisciplinary team members regarding these findings.
  Trained patients, their families, and caregivers regarding their treatment practices to improve their outcomes and increase rates of carrying through with the treatment plan.
  Worked together with interdisciplinary teams and facility managers to provide prime patient experiences and meet patients’ needs.
  Observed and evaluated treatment effects at different stages as to adjust treatments where necessary and accomplish maximum benefit.


  * January 2017 – December 2019
    Occupational Therapists at BK Therapists, Newburn
      Applied care plans in a compassionate manner. Spoke to patients concerning the condition, their progress, and goals for every treatment session.

  Assessed patients according to the MD orders and designed tailored care plans (which included short-and long-term goals to assist rehabilitation of patients).
  Recorded treatment sessions and patient responses. Any changing needs of the patient were communicated to physicians.
  Applied emergency and safety techniques whenever needed, including CPR, requesting assistance, and stabilizing equipment.



EDUCATION
  * July 2021 – Present
    St. Louis University, Louisville MSc in Occupational Therapy

    Major Subjects:

  Exercise Physiology	
  Exercise Science	
  Patient Assessment
  Treatment Techniques

  * January 2019 – July 2021
    ABC University, Binka Bachelor of Science

    
  GPA: 3.9
  Major: Biology
  Graduated Summa Cum Laude


ACCOMPLISHMENTS
  * , , 

    
  Organized and managed specialized OT treatment plans of 60+ patients.
  Oversaw and organized training for 7 Occupational Therapist Assistants.
  Designed and conducted individual plans of care for 25+ adult patients between the ages of 17- 67.
  Began the research, designing, and equipment setup of the practice’s first sensory gym, which was completed three months ahead of schedule.

