name - Sean Price
IT Consultant

Los Angeles
3868683442

Personable IT Consultant with 5+ years of experience in a global technology firm. CompTIA A+ Certification. Scored the region leading QST rating based on internal reviews (97.86%). I am seeking to leverage solid technical skills and abilities to advance my career as the next IT consultant for Linsang Group.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: 1515 Pacific Ave, Los Angeles, CA 90291
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: Full
  Hobbies: Angling, Sailing, Fly Fishing

SOCIAL PROFILES
  * LinkedIn: xxxx
  * Pinterest: https://www.pinterest.com/resumeviking/
  * Resume Templates: https://www.resumeviking.com/templates/
  * Build this template: https://resume.io/?id=cpdokyF1

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ English
  ★★★☆☆ French

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * January 2020 – June 2021
    IT Consultant  at Amazon, Jacksonville
      Administered first-level MHE and PKMS support and under-provided SOPs to make appropriate corrections when necessary.

  Researched and documented existing and new processes for IT Support Teams and interacted with business users and other IT groups to ascertain business requirements and design proposed system enhancements.
  Communicated issues, resolutions, and the project status to IT management and user community and ensured the deadlines were met and quality was maximized.
  Deployed, reset, configured, and replaced equipment as needed, such as CLI Terminals, Printers, Silex Printer boxes., CPUs and laptops.
  Coached newly hired IT specialists on advanced technical procedures.


  * January 2019 – December 2021
    IT Consultant at PWC, Pengcheng
      Independent, a non-profit organization that provides a broad array of assessment, research, information, and program management solutions in the education and workforce development areas.

  Identified software and hardware issues and listened to client concerns.
  Encouraged timely and relevant upgrades for client products when necessary.
  Devised a workable scheme to accomplish business objectives.
  Scheduled and allocated project activities, identified tools, standards, and guidelines suitable for projects.
  Provided risk management by monitoring project schedules.
  Reported on a project’s status regularly through emails and weekly meetings; formally tracked problems and issues to closure.



EDUCATION
  * January 2020 – June 2021
    Miami University, Miami Beach Bachelor of Science in Information Systems Management

    
  Relevant Coursework: Network Security, IT Project Management, Business Administration, Strategy &amp; Operations, IT Innovation, Ethical Hacking, Database Management.


COURSES
  * January 2020 – June 2021
    Microsoft Certified Solutions Expert, Microsoft. Online.
  * January 2019 – August 2019
    CCNA Routing and Switching, Cisco. Online. 

ACHIEVEMENTS
  * , , 

    
  Identified a new parts-ordering solution which led to a reduced client wait time of 19% and an increase in client satisfaction by 41%
  Assisted the IT director with administration applications, reducing the workload by 22%
  Identified ticketing management solutions which led to a queue reduction of 21%
  Assisted the IT manager as liaison to clients on software updates, reducing workload by over 52%

