name - Sherri Davis
Beauty Advisor

Los Angeles
3868683442

Adaptable and competent cosmetologist with 11 years of experience in the beauty industry. Excellent professional with skills in hair coloring, haircutting, hairstyling, makeup application, skincare, and nail services procedures. Pioneering and creative person with a solid background and understanding of the latest trends in Makeup, beauty, and hair. Laidback personality to help clients feel comfortable during their appointment. Enthusiastic worker with a regular following of customers and deep knowledge of sales and marketing.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: 1515 Pacific Ave, Los Angeles, CA 90291
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: Full
  Hobbies: Skydiving, Skiing, Painting

SOCIAL PROFILES
  * LinkedIn: XXX
  * Pinterest: https://www.pinterest.com/resumeviking/
  * Resume Templates: https://www.resumeviking.com/templates/
  * Build this template: https://resume.io/?id=cpdokyF1

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ English
  ★★★★☆ French

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Makeup
  ★★★★★ Waxing
  ★★★★★ Skin Care
  ★★★★★ Facial treatments
  ★★★★★ Product Knowledge

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * January 2020 – June 2021
    Beauty Advisor at MAC, Manggar
      Gave professional facial cosmetic and hair removal services according to state, local, and company health and safety guidelines.

  Provided Makeup and hairstyling services to brides at their wedding location, which enhanced their natural features and optimized their look for photographs.
  Discussed potential hairstyles and Makeup look with clients before their event, assuring everything complemented each other.
  Raleigh Area Chamber of Commerce named me a top hair and Makeup professional by popular vote of the community.


  * January 2018 – December 2019
    Beauty Advisor a at Sorbet, Saint-Constant
      Gave confident and honest feedback to customers concerning products. Built lasting relationships with clients by following up on them after purchases, suggesting new products, and inviting them to upcoming events.

  Mixed ingredients created an exclusive hair color for clients and applied said color to attain a new look, eliminate gray hairs, or showcase their natural features.
  Performed wax removal for unwanted body hair, shaped eyebrows for the desired look regarding face shape.
  Achieved a solid following of reliable clients who needed Makeup, hair, or waxing services during a time at the salon.



EDUCATION
  * June 2021 – June 2021
    Raleigh Community College, New Port Richey Associate of Arts in Cosmetology
  * January 2017 – May 2019
    Bitterroot School of Cosmetology, Brooklyn Park 2013–2015 Associate of Science, Esthetician, and Skin Care Specialist

    
  Relevant coursework: facials, extractions, aging skin, applying masks, cleansing.


COURSES
  * June 2021 – June 2021
    Cosmetologist Licensure Certificate., North Carolina State Board of Cosmetic Art Examiners, North Carolina. 

ACHIEVEMENTS
  * , , 

    
  Sold $8,000+ of branded products every week.
  Became a consistent Beauty Advisor of the Montana Film Office in 2020.
  Have a favorable write-up in the Makeup + Me blog for three months running.
  Have coached six makeup advisors.
  Performed over 40 client assessments and makeup applications every week.

