name - MICHELLE LOPEZ
Fashion Designer

Los Angeles
(541) 754-3010

Expert Fashion Designer with 11+ years’ experience in women’s high-end shoes. Launched product lines for Chanel and Gucci. Designs showcased in Elle and Vogue. Attained recognition of top seller fashionista in 2017.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: 1515 Pacific Ave, Los Angeles, CA 90291
  Nationality: American
  Driving License: Full
  Hobbies: Art, Rugby, Cricket

SOCIAL PROFILES
  * LinkedIn: xxxx
  * Pinterest: https://www.pinterest.com/resumeviking/
  * Resume Templates: https://www.resumeviking.com/templates/
  * Build this template: https://resume.io/?id=cpdokyF1

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ English
  ★★★★★ Italian

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Adobe Illustrator
  ★★★★★ Fashion Design
  ★★★★★ Hand Drafting
  ★★★★★ Design Patterns
  ★★★★★ Fabric

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * January 2017 – July 2021
    Senior Fashion Designer  at Escada, Milan
      Functioned as the lead designer for the 2019 women’s winter collection team and supervised seasonal conceptualization and design of women’s accessories, which included belts and bags.


  Designed attractive fashion items that coincided with the brand’s look.
  Ran the whole product design process, from primary market research, mood board development to sketching and design to producing the finished product.
  Contributed to the conceptual development of directional product lines, which included delivering original concept pitches.
  Supervised technical designs of all products from concept design to manufacturing, including trim and fabric selection, meeting and choosing from vendors, etc.


  * January 2014 – December 2018
    Associate Fashion Designer at Dior Homme, New York
      Produced commercial designs are reflecting the abstract direction and business strategy of the company.

  Created seasonal products which focused on style, fabric, and fit.
  Leveraged processes to predict customers’ needs in order to surpass customer expectations and react punctually to their requirements.
  Developed and upheld effective relations with eight vital partners.
  Worked together and followed up with vendors regarding deliverables and main partners throughout the whole design process, including preproduction, merchandising, and product development.



EDUCATION
  * July 2019 – Present
    University of Illinois , Chicago Bachelor of Arts in Fashion Design

    
  2nd place for Best Uniform Design at the Yearly Gallant Show for 2014
  Major subjects included Design Theory CAD and advanced level
  Dissertation on topic “Evolution of faux leather and high ankle boots.”
  Designed clothesline for university sports personnel

  * July 2021 – Present
    Adobe, Online Adobe Certified Expert

    
  Course Topics: Illustrator &amp; Photoshop

  * January 2015 – June 2017
    University of Southern California, San Jacinto Associates Degree in Fashion Design

ACCOMPLISHMENTS
  * , , 

    
  Developed a men’s winter collection renowned by Vogue’s and Marie Claire’s editorial teams for its Art Nouveau style. The collection became a commercial success, boosting sales numbers by 46%.
  Created a highly admired women’s summer collection that increased revenue by 38% compared to last year.
  Managed a team of 6 designers to create 155 SKUs each month for a children’s apparel company.
  Enhanced the company’s main designing platform from 6 to 4, resulting in costs-savings of $67,000 per SKU due to scale efficiencies.

