name - Gene Hoffman
Bar Manager

Los Angeles
3868683442

Proficient Bar Manager with over eight years in the foodservice industry in a management capacity. I hold an Associate Degree in Hotel and Restaurant Administration and have worked in the restaurant’s main responsibility areas. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: 1515 Pacific Ave, Los Angeles, CA 90291
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: Full
  Hobbies: Enduro Racing, Triathlons, Art

SOCIAL PROFILES
  * LinkedIn: xxxxx
  * Pinterest: https://www.pinterest.com/resumeviking/
  * Build this template: https://resume.io/?id=cpdokyF1
  * Resume Templates: . https://www.resumeviking.com/templates/

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ English
  ★★★★☆ Italian
  ★★☆☆☆ Spanish; Castilian

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Beverage & Food Purchasing
  ★★★★★ Health, Safety, and  Hygiene Compliance
  ★★★★★ Hospitality Marketing  Skills
  ★★★★★ Bar Operations
  ★★★★★ Wine Pairing

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * May 2020 – March 2021
    Bar Manager at St Tropez Seafood Restaurant, Orange County
      Liable for building a friendly and professional bar service team and guaranteed well-trained staff and always supported.

  In charge of bartender and barback recruiting, developing, training, and managing employee relations, performance evaluations, and benefits.
  Changed bar menu and the related snacks menu to the season, vendor promotions, or holidays. 
  Kept an eye on customer data, making actionable decisions founded on bar traffic, and responsible for providing help to the chef for meal prep and guaranteeing all cooking equipment is well-maintained and operational.


  * January 2012 – February 2020
    Bar Manager at Gladstone Food Emporium, Miami
      Accountable for promoting and managing bar hygiene and safety policies, ensuring the 370sqm bar area stays clean and neat.

  Designed, executed, and monitored systems that guaranteed restaurant excellence and obtained high operating standards.
  Consistently keep up to date of local, state, and federal knowledge of laws for compliance across all restaurant operations. 
  Delivered professional and friendly service to restaurant guests, outstanding quality and consistency of food execution in an appealing, well-maintained environment.
  Helped with inventory and ordering, stocking, and maintaining all bar items.



EDUCATION
  * January 2019 – March 2021
    Miami University, School of Hotel Administration, Miami Bachelor of Science in Hospitality Management

    
  Relevant Coursework: Bar Management, Hospitality Supervision, International Wine &amp; Beverage Pairing, Hospitality Business Operations.


  * January 2018 – December 2018
    Red Cross Academy, Online First Aid/ CPR Diploma
  * January 2016 – January 2016
    American Food and Beverage Association, Online 2013 - ServeSafe Certified, American Food and Beverage Association, Online

ACCOMPLISHMENTS
  * , , 

    
  Initiated new concepts, resulting in increased income and growth by 86%.
  Cut inventory expenses by 35% by evaluation and streamlining of vendor selection processes.
  Aided in the development and growth of clientele, generating a profit increase of 58%.

